Update Simple GMSA Instructions (#25)
Azure/aks-baseline-windows: Scenarios/AKS-Secure-Baseline-PrivateCluster/Apps/SimpleGMSAApp/Getting-Started.md

1. If you are running these commands on your domain controller that is a Windows Server machine, you may have trouble
installing the [Kubernetes CLI (kubectl)](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl-windows/) and [kubelogin](https://github.com/Azure/kubelogin). The error would mention "Install-AzAksKubectl". If so, you will need to manually install both following the links above.

> ## How to Validate Your GMSA Integration before Deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to validate your GMSA integration before deployment
```

1. To validate that your cluster is successfully retrieving your GMSA, go into your domain controller local server menu, go to Tools and select Event Viewer. Look under ActiveDirectory events. Look at the contents of the most recent events for a message that says "A caller successfully fetched the password of a group managed service account." The IP address of the caller should match one of your AKS cluster IPs.

> ## Import Simple Application Container Image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Import simple GSMA application to your container registry
```

Reviewer: Shoot, had a typo in there, and fixed it just as you were merging it in.  Sorry!

> To build the application container image, you will need to import the Windows Server 2019 LTSC image to your Azure Container Registry that was deployed as apart of the reference architecture. Once this image is imported, you will reference the version from your ACR in the workload manifest rather than the public image from Microsoft Container Registry. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the application container image, you will first need to import the Windows Server 2019 LTSC image to your Azure Container Registry that was deployed as a part of the reference implementation. Once this image is imported, you will reference it in the workload's manifest file rather than the public image from Microsoft Container Registry. 
```

```PowerShell
# enter the name of your ACR below
$SPOKERG=<resource group name for spoke>
$ACRNAME=$(az acr show --name <ACR NAME> --resource-group $SPOKERG --query "name" --output tsv)
```

> Log into ACR
> 
> ```PowerShell 
> az acr login -n $ACRNAME
> ```
> 
> Import the Windows Server 2019 LTSC image into the container registry. Ensure you are logged into the Azure Container Registry, you should show a successful login from the command above.

Reviewer: Don't even need to log in when doing an `az acr import` as that uses your RBAC access :)

```suggestion
Import the Windows Server 2019 LTSC image into your container registry.
```

```PowerShell
az acr import -n $ACRNAME --source mcr.microsoft.com/windows/servercore/iis:windowsservercore-ltsc2019
```

To verify that the image has been imported:

```PowerShell
 az acr repository show -n $ACRNAME --image windows/servercore/iis:windowsservercore-ltsc2019
 ```

## Deploy workload without support for HTTPS

Navigate to "aks-baseline-windows/Scenarios/AKS-Secure-Baseline-PrivateCluster/Apps/SimpleGMSAAPP/manifests" folder.

1. Create a namespace for your application by running ``` kubectl create namespace simpleapp ``` 

> 2. Update the [manifest file](manifests/deployment_sampleapp.yml) for the sample application with your GMSA name (look for < GMSA Credential Spec Name > in the manifest), Windows Nodepool name (look for < Windows Nodepool Name > in the manifest) and application container image name (Look for < Image Name > in the manifest).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Update the [manifest file](manifests/deployment_sampleapp.yml) for the sample application with your GMSA name (look for **< GMSA Credential Spec Name >** in the manifest), Windows Nodepool name (look for **< Windows Nodepool Name >** in the manifest) and application container registry name (Look for **< Registry Name >** in the manifest).
```

1. To validate that your cluster is successfully retrieving your GMSA, go into your domain controller local server menu, go to Tools and select Event Viewer. Look under ActiveDirectory events. Look at the contents of the most recent events for a message that says "A caller successfully fetched the password of a group managed service account." The IP address of the caller should match one of your AKS cluster IPs.

## Build Simple Application Container Image

The Dockerfile for the Simple application is in the repository you've already cloned to your jumpbox in the previous step. 

Navigate to the [Simple Application Dockerfile](../SimpleGMSAApp/application/SimpleApp.Dockerfile), build and tag the containers with the name of your Azure Container Registry and push the images to ACR. Use the ACR you created as apart of the reference implementation deployment. // Make sure it is the correct ACR

```PowerShell
# enter the name of your ACR below
$SPOKERG=<resource group name for spoke>
$ACRNAME=$(az acr show --name <ACR NAME> --resource-group $SPOKERG --query "name" --output tsv)

cd aks-baseline-windows/Scenarios/AKS-Secure-Baseline-PrivateCluster/Apps/SimpleGMSAAPP/application

> docker build -t $ACRNAME.azurecr.io/simpleapp:v1 -f SimpleApp.Dockerfile .

Reviewer: definitely took this all further than I was expecting :)  I assumed you'd simply `az acr import mcr.microsoft.com/windows/servercore/iis:windowsservercore-ltsc2019` and then make sure the **deployment_sampleapp.yml** file just pulled from your ACR instance.  Is it expected for the jumpbox to actually have docker installed?  Feels like this might be over complicating it.  Thoughts?

Author: Yeah that would've been much simpler haha. I think for a simple app like this it makes sense to not require Docker, but when we get into legacy, we need to do multistage builds to optimize the images. For this app, I'll use acr import and for legacy, I'll update the instructions to use az acr build

```

Log into ACR

```PowerShell 
az acr login -n $ACRNAME
```

Push the images into the container registry. Ensure you are logged into the Azure Container Registry, you should show a successful login from the command above.

```PowerShell
docker push $ACRNAME.azurecr.io/simpleapp:v1
```

To verify they have been pushed run the following commands:

```PowerShell
az acr repository show -n $ACRNAME --image simpleapp:v1
```
## Deploy workload without support for HTTPS

Navigate to "aks-baseline-windows/Scenarios/AKS-Secure-Baseline-PrivateCluster/Apps/SimpleGMSAAPP/manifests" folder.

1. Update the [manifest file](manifests/deployment_sampleapp.yml) for the sample application with your GMSA name (look for < GMSA Credential Spec Name > in the manifest) and application container image name (Look for < Image Name > in the manifest).
2. Run ``` kubectl apply -f deployment_sampleapp.yml -n sampleapp ```

### Check your deployed workload

1. Verify Deployment by executing the following commands on your jumpbox:

```Powershell
kubectl get deployment
kubectl get pods -n sampleapp

> kubectl describe ingress

Author: Oops typo my bad.

```
2. Copy the ip address displayed by running ``` kubectl describe ingress ``` on your jumpbox, open a browser, navigate to the IP address obtained above from the ingress controller and explore your website.

# Next Steps
- [Troubleshooting](#how-to-validate-your-gmsa-integration-after-deployment)
- [Try deploying our Legacy .NET Application example](../eshopLegacyApp/Getting-Started.md)

> - [Add support for HTTPS](#deploy-the-ingress-with-https-support)

Reviewer: Pretty weird branching point here.  The bottom of the page doesn't have any next steps (where do they go when they get to the bottom?)  Maybe you can still clarify where you want the user to go next.  Remember, they eventually need to get to "cleanup," so maybe get them back to the sample app selection page?

Author: Moved next steps to bottom and added link to cleanup documentation

  
## How to Validate Your GMSA Integration after Deployment

> 1. Check the status of your pods by running ``` kubectl get pods ``` on your jumpbox. If the status is *Running*, you're good to go. If the status of your pods is *CrashLoopBackOff*, run ``` kubectl logs <pod name> ``` to debug. This status likely means that your credential spec file is misconfigured or the cluster permissions to your KeyVault are misconfigured. An example credential spec can be found [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/virtualization/windowscontainers/manage-containers/manage-serviceaccounts#create-a-credential-spec). When you look through your credential spec file, ensure that the DnsName, NetBiosName and GroupManagedServiceAccounts match the values from your domain controller. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Check the status of your pods by running ``` kubectl get pods ``` on your jumpbox. If the status is *Running*, you're good to go. If the status of your pods is *CrashLoopBackOff*, run ``` kubectl logs <pod name> ``` to debug. This status likely means that your credential spec file is misconfigured or the cluster permissions to your KeyVault are misconfigured. An example credential spec can be found [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/virtualization/windowscontainers/manage-containers/manage-serviceaccounts#create-a-credential-spec). When you look through your credential spec file, ensure that the DnsName, NetBiosName and GroupManagedServiceAccounts match the values from your domain controller. 
```
